java c
ECE 121DA Semiconductor Processing and Device Design – Winter 2024
Homework 1a   – Implementing a simple Ion Implantation Schedule with manual calculations.    You will use the results of this homework in homework 1b.
1.   This exercise is designed to check your ability to do simple hand calculation estimates   of an implant profile using the simplest (Gaussian) model that we discussed in class.·   Starting substrate is p-type (100) silicon with a background doping of 1015   /cm3   Boron.·   Calculate an implant profile with arsenic as the Implant species at an energy of 100 keV and an implant dose of 1014/cm2·   Calculate the modified profile after anneal of 900, 1000 and 1100 C (again using the simple model from class) use an anneal time of 30 min.a.   Plot the 4 profiles (preferably on the same graph): as-implanted, anneal 900, anneal 1000 and anneal 1100.    Provide an implant profile similar in style. to the one shown above.    The bottom of your vertical scale should go no l代 写ECE 121DA Semiconductor Processing and Device Design – Winter 2024R
代做程序编程语言ower than a factor of 10 lower than your background p-type doping.    Show that as a straight line.    The top of your vertical scale should be the next decade (as shown above) The TSUPREM output will probably be unsatisfactory, you should export the data and use you favorite plotting program.    Try to make it look similar to the above with a legend and clearly marked axes.    The horizontal axis should only extend as far as it needs to show the pn junction.b.   Use the simple formula from lecture to estimate   the peak concentration from the tabulated dose and straggle of the implant and compare this to the calculated as-implanted profile in a.c.   Estimate the depth of the pn-junction.    The pn junction will be where the arsenic doping is the same as the background doping.d.   What is the sheet resistance of the n-type layer?    Estimate by hand and also have TSUPREM calculate it.e.   You will use this data to compare to simulation next week.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
